[DOC]Restructuring (#3890)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/concepts/pipeline-concepts/pipeline/index.rst

Pipeline
========

> A pipeline is a Pachyderm primitive that is responsible for collecting data

Reviewer: Do you think we want a different section on DAGs specifically? Or is it enough to just casually mention DAG here and that's probably good enough info for now?

For example, we do get questions about how Pachyderm DAG pipelines are different than airflow so we could maybe have a sentence or two here that talks about how pipelines (and DAGs) in Pachyderm are declarative -- since that's one of the defining characteristics that make our pipeline system unique. Alternatively, we might just need a doc or blog post about "what makes pachyderm pipeline unique compared to most other DAG schedulers:

- Declarative
- Incrementality (e.g. understand versioning)
- Automatically manage provenance
- crazy simple, yet opinionated, data interface: pfs/in and pfs/out
- enable distributed computation on single-threaded code via data sharding

As I'm writing this, it's abundantly obvious that this is a whole doc/blog post of its own. So I kinda answer my own question. I guess this should become its own doc issue but also note that it could be a blog post instead.

from a specified source, or ``pfs/input``, transform it according to the pipeline
configuration file, and place it to the ``pfs/out`` directory in the ``pachd``
container. Each pipeline subscribes to a branch in the
input repository or repositories, gets triggered by a commit,
and runs your code to completion.

A minimum pipeline specification must include the following parameters:

> - ``name`` — The name of your data pipeline. You can set an arbitrary

Reviewer: > The name of your data pipeline. You can set an arbitrary
  name that is meaningful to the code you want to run to process the
  data in the specified repository.

The name of your data pipeline. You should give your pipeline a meaningful
name as it will write all output results to a repo of the same name. Pipeline names can be... <-- insert constraints on pipeline names. You'll need to figure that out from eng. There is a max character limit (something like 50ish characters), and I think i can be alphanumeric and include dash or underscore. But also, I think dashes might break S3gateway or something like that, so truthfully, we should make sure the actual code get updated there and then also document it correctly.

  name that is meaningful to the code you want to run to process the
  data in the specified repository.
- ``input`` — A location of the data that you want to process, such as a

>   Pachyderm repository or a Git repository. You can specify multiple input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pachyderm repository. You can specify multiple input
```
While A git repository is technically correct, git inputs might be going away soon or at least redesigned so let's not mention them here. "such as a pachyderm repo" implies there are other options too, which there are.

>   repositories, as well as combine the repositories as union or cross

Reviewer: > repositories, as well as combine the repositories as union or cross
  pipelines.
  Depending on the anticipated results, you can unite and cross
  pipelines as needed in this field. For more information, see `Cross
  and Union <cross-union.html>`__.

repositories and have their data combined in a variety of ways and as it's passed to the user code for processing. For more information, see `Cross and Union <cross-union.html>`__.

Note: it'll be cross, union, and join soon. So we'll decide how we want to organize those later.

  pipelines.
  Depending on the anticipated results, you can unite and cross
  pipelines as needed in this field. For more information, see `Cross
  and Union <cross-union.html>`__.

>   Another important property that you can specify in the ``input`` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  One very important property that is defined in the ``input`` field
```

  is the ``glob`` pattern that defines how Pachyderm breaks the data into

>   processing units. For more information, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  individual processing units, called Datums. For more information, see
```

  `Datum <../datum/index.html>`__.

> - ``transform`` — Specifies the code that you want to run against your

Reviewer: >  ``transform`` — Specifies the code that you want to run against your
  data, such as a Python script. Also, specifies a Docker image that
  you want to use to run that script.

 ``transform`` — Specifies the code that you want to run against your
  data. The transform includes an ``image`` field that defines the Docker image that you want to run as well as as ``cmd`` field for the specific code within that container you want to execute, such as a Python script.

Author: added

  data, such as a Python script. Also, specifies a Docker image that
  you want to use to run that script.

**Example:**

.. code:: bash

   {
     "pipeline": {
       "name": "wordcount"
     },
     "transform": {
       "image": "wordcount-image",

>        "cmd": ["/binary", "/pfs/data", "/pfs/out"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       "cmd": ["python3", "/my_python_code.py"]
```
